RAII(Resource Acquisition is Initialization)
--------------------------------------------

Unlike managed languages, C++ doesn't have automatic garbage collection , an internal process that releases heap memory and other resources as a program runs. A C++ program is 
responsible for returning all acquired resources to the operating system. Failure to release an unused resource is called a leak . Leaked resources are unavailable to other programs
until the process exits.

Modern C++ avoids using heap memory as much as possible by declaring objects on the stack. When a resource is too large for the stack, then it should be owned by an object. As the 
object gets initialized, it acquires the resource it owns. The object is then responsible for releasing the resource in its destructor. 

The owning object itself is declared on the stack. The principle that objects own resources is also known as "resource acquisition is initialization," or RAII.

Resource Acquisition Is Initialization or RAII, is a C++ programming technique which binds the life cycle of a resource that must be acquired before use (allocated heap memory,
thread of execution, open socket, open file, locked mutex, disk space, database connection—anything that exists in limited supply) to the lifetime of an object.

RAII guarantees that the resource is available to any function that may access the object (resource availability is a class invariant, eliminating redundant runtime tests). It also
guarantees that all resources are released when the lifetime of their controlling object ends, in reverse order of acquisition. Likewise, if resource acquisition fails (the 
constructor exits with an exception), all resources acquired by every fully-constructed member and base subobject are released in reverse order of initialization. This leverages
the core language features (object lifetime, scope exit, order of initialization and stack unwinding) to eliminate resource leaks and guarantee exception safety. Another name for
this technique is Scope-Bound Resource Management (SBRM), after the basic use case where the lifetime of an RAII object ends due to scope exit.

RAII can be summarized as follows:

-encapsulate each resource into a class, where

	the constructor acquires the resource and establishes all class invariants or throws an exception if that cannot be done,
	the destructor releases the resource and never throws exceptions;

-always use the resource via an instance of a RAII-class that either

	has automatic storage duration or temporary lifetime itself, or
	has lifetime that is bounded by the lifetime of an automatic or temporary object.
	
Resources: 	https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/raii
		https://learn.microsoft.com/vi-vn/cpp/cpp/object-lifetime-and-resource-management-modern-cpp?view=msvc-160
